Explicit upstreams in other dcs shouldn't be deleted (#10391)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/10391.txt

```release-note:bug

> proxycfg: Explicit upstreams in other datacenters shouldn't be deleted when transparent proxy is enabled, and when they're not in the seen services list of explicit and implicit upstreams within a datacenter.

Reviewer: not blocking, but I wonder if this might be too much detail for a user reading the changelog. They might not have enough context to understand what this means.

How did this bug manifest to users?

I'm not sure I understand this change well enough to suggest an improvement, but maybe something roughly like: "watch upstreams from remote datacenters to ..."

My assumption is that the "do not delete" means that we continue to watch them for changes?

Reviewer 2: That assumption is correct.

Will update the message:
```suggestion
proxycfg: Ensure that endpoints for explicit upstreams in other datacenters are watched in transparent mode.
```

Author: Thank you that looks good!
